cheers neck tabu hello guys and welcome
to a strongbox on creating yeah like
let's say you like I don't know like one
hour ago the strongbox update came out
and today I want to unbox some of those
strong boxes because i do not even know
what what's in it and it's kind of
really buggy like steam we're down for
me or was down for me i wasn't being
able to start team fortress 2 but now it
works and let's see what I get all right
I have four keys and four boxes of
course let's see I really hope the
contain will be pretty cool actually i
think has some misc spot let's see wow I
trade for something and i unbox the item
name percentage item name percentage
that's a cool hat i think the name of it
is pretty nice right let's see um it's
for the four heavy and Wow every item is
named percentage in item name percentage
or whatever mie my english sucks as you
perhaps here food I don't really care
but I hope you still enjoy it and there
you go pretty nice actually pretty cool
for the heavy looks actually really cool
and another thing I heard is that no new
weapons got added so that's very pretty
bad and I was hoping for your weapons
put they didn't came out they didn't
come out i mean let's see wow that looks
actually pretty nice it's like a Russian
hat or something as I see for the pyro
and for some other people as well so I
think for the heavy and medic as well
let's see yeah so by the way this update
is a totally community update wow that's
actually cool but I shouldn't wear my
max head that's actually really nice I
hope someone is buying that because I
will sell anything yet this update here
is totally community update as I heard
or was the end of the line i'm not sure
the ceramics update or the end of the
line update is totally community update
so if you know that please write it in 3
comments I don't exactly know that so
Wow what is sad it's for the for the
demo n I think it's a misc let's see if
it is one no it's not a misc as I see
then it's a hat let's see wow I can't
find it right now oh there it is a nice
name again and wow that looks actually
really nice I think it's pretty good for
like the samurai the moment that could
look really nice in a nice set and now
we have yeah one box over and let's
create the last box and I hoping for an
unusual by the way if you're new to my
channel I think that because this is
actually a pretty new video it's one of
the newest I think of the new unboxing
wow that beer is cool so far away if
you're new to my channel I do really or
I make really much commentary there are
many commentaries on my channel
gameplays and old chief to related stuff
so if you're like interested in my
channel be sure to subscribe i will
upload every day or every second day one
video so yeah this this beard looks
pretty nice yeah it's something else
then this old feller well it looks
pretty cool with amex head in a
combination really really fancy so yeah
guys what do you think about this update
i heard that they added some some
goodies for cooperation for like man vs
machine as well so I think there are now
new rewards like the golden weapons now
there are new rewards yeah for man
versus machine that's why men versus
machine is currently down so we can't
join any service anyways I really hope
you enjoyed this little on creating as I
said my english sucks but i really hope
you enjoyed it and yeah subscribe for
more videos thanks for watching and see
it
you